refactor(components): change post icon loading mechanism (#1485)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/pretty-monkeys-wink.md

> ---
> '@swisspost/design-system-components': minor
> ---
> 
> Refactored the `post-icon` icon integration mechanism. Now the browser handles the file handling.
> Therefore we get rid of all the workarounds to load and cache icons and instead profit from the browsers file handling mechanisms.

Reviewer: No new feature added, therefore a patch.

```suggestion
---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

Refactored the `post-icon` icon loading mechanism. The same icon will no longer be loaded multiple times.
```
